Brother, we've already sent the load
the other day like you said.
Yes, brother.
You haven't paid me yet.
Watch your head!
Don't bother with this, brother.
Give it to me.
Go and rest.
Leave it to me.
Come on!
Give it to me.
Listen to me.
Take a breather.
You just won't listen to me!
Kids, it's slippery.
Be careful!
Where is my husband?
Where the hell is my husband?
What is this, a police station?
If anything happens to my husband,
I won’t let anyone get away with it.
Don’t start a fuss on
this special occasion.
Careful on the stairs!
It's slippery.
I’m staying right here
until I see him.
You want to be the only one
doing business here, huh?
Don’t we deserve to do
anything around here?
You won’t let us
get ahead in life, will you?
How are you okay
with making money like this?
You're going to regret this.
Nothing, brother.
My husband…
Here, take this.
-It's alright, you go ahead.
-Uncle?
-What did you do to him?
-Serve him first.
-He's hungry.
-You want a bigger piece?
-Wait, let me serve you.
-You're in deep trouble!
Which grade are you in?
Third grade.
Didn’t you say you’d go to the cops?
Why haven’t you left yet?
You're this full of yourself
because you think you own it all?
What’s the commotion here?
What's going on here?
Get inside, everyone!
Go inside.
-Why are you putting on a show?
-Sreeja…
-Sreeja, go inside!
-Get up. Get up, I say!
-Get the hell out!
-Take your hands off!
-Dear, please listen to me.
-Get out!
-Will you come inside or not?
-Leave!
-Why are you stooping to her level?
-Tell her, Mom.
He left this morning
and still hasn’t come back.
-Go home, lady!
-Get up, I say!
You all had a hand in this,
and now you’re acting all innocent?
-Lodge a complaint if he is missing.
-Let go of me, I say!
-Sreeja! Come inside.
-Get out of here!
-Where the hell is my husband?
-Hey!
I'm already bloody pissed
with you all!
-Better leave.
-What will you do?
-Kannan, listen. Stop talking, you!
-Even a minor scratch on him…
I’ll shred you all to pieces!
-Such nerve of you to threaten us!
-I swear! Without any mercy!
-Sreeja, get inside.
-If my husband doesn’t return…
you’re all doomed!
How dare you walk into our house
and curse us on a holy day?
-Hands off, you filthy dog!
-Get lost!
-Let go of her.
-Didn't I ask you to leave?
Go. I said get inside.
She is talking to my brother
with such disrespect?
And you are being calm?
Go!
I’m off to the SP’s office.
I'll meet with the collector.
-None of you will get away with this!
-Get lost, you!
Go ahead, meet whoever you want!
What, son?
She said she’s off to the SP’s office?
We have nothing to
do with that, right?
No, Dad.
If we were, don’t you think
I’d have told you earlier?
How dare that wretched woman
disrespect my brother?
Forget it.
Wash your hands.
Let's eat.
-Take care of that issue.
-Okay, Uncle.
-Mom, I dropped my chicken.
-Keep quiet!
I’m losing my mind not knowing
if your father is alive,
and you want to eat chicken?
What are you doing?
You brat!
Will you do that again?
Mom, I don't want chicken.
I don't want chicken.
I don't want it.
I don't want chicken, Mom.
I don't want it anymore, Mom.
Mom, I'm scared!
Mom?
Shankar!
Sir. Sir.
My name is Shankar.
Sir, my…
-Sir, I need to speak to the inspector.
-Go to the writer.
-I run a chicken business in Melur.
-Go inside.
-Sir, where?
Big congrats to him!
If you handed it over,
it should be here.
-How can it just vanish?
-Check once, ma'am.
Ma'am, my name is Shankar.
In Melur bazaar…
Ma'am, my wife and child are missing.
-My daughter is eight years old.
-How long have they been missing?
About an hour and a half, ma'am.
Don’t you have
even a shred of conscience?
She’s already filed a report
here saying I went missing.
I came with her.
Around 4 in the evening.
I need to see the Inspector.
Inspector is handling
security at the temple.
He'll be late.
Wait for a couple of hours.
They'll come home.
Ma'am?
Ma'am, she went to Periyavar's
house searching for me.
Something happened over there.
And her phone has been
switched off ever since.
About six months back,
they attempted to run me over.
I filed a complaint here.
-My phone's broken.
-Sit down, sir.
-Wait outside, I'll call you.
-Okay, ma'am.
Sit down.
I'll be back.
Give me the phone.
Go back home and wait.
I’ll ask the local inspector
to look into it.
Sir, I would like to see the SP
and file a formal complaint.
Please, listen, sir.
SP is not here.
It's the festival night.
I don’t know if he’ll come to the station.
-Sir, I'll wait for sometime.
-Excuse me?
Listen to me.
Go home for now.
I’ll let you know
if we get any updates.
Hello! Excuse me!
Call that man.
-Hello, brother! Can't you hear me?
-Sir.
Sir, my wife and child are missing.
Sir, I just got
his written complaint.
But, before we could inquire…
-How long have they been gone?
-One and a half hours, sir.
Sir.
Sir… sir…
I was investigating the case, sir.
They’ll be back soon.
Leave.
-See him off.
-Sir, they didn't go missing.
She went to
Periyavar's
place looking for me,
but she hasn’t returned yet.
-By
Periyavar
are you referring to Ravi?
-Yes, sir.
It is fine if they said she went there
and made a fuss.
But they said she never came, sir.
-I'm worried sick, sir.
-Is her mobile switched off?
It rang briefly
and then switched off.
-Did you go to his house?
-Yes, sir.
Something’s definitely happened there.
I'm worried sick, sir.
-His son and I have a bit of bad blood.
-The thing is, brother…
If Ravi was involved,
something must have happened.
If we don’t get rough with them,
we won’t get any answers.
I’ve got to plan it out
and execute it.
He’s got his men
all over our department.
If he finds out you came to me,
he’ll head straight to court.
Then this case
will be out of my hands.
I don't get it, sir.
Even if he goes to court,
I know how to get him locked up.
Sir, what needs to be done?
-Serve him the bone marrow.
-Hey.
-Let my brother-in-law have it.
-Serve him, come on.
I served him some.
You eat, brother.
-Let me answer that.
-Enough.
-Shall I serve you some curry?
-I'm good, thank you.
It's the Inspector, brother.
He won’t stop calling until we answer.
Ask him what’s it about.
Okay.
Hello?
Sir, he’s having his dinner.
It's alright, sir.
Tell me.
When?
-Will you share this with me?
-Okay.
I'll be back in a minute.
Dear?
-In the middle of your meal?
-He'll be back, dear!
Go ahead and eat.
This will never change!
They won't even
let him eat peacefully.
Why didn’t you let him know
what happened here?
I did tell him.
I did tell him she showed up
with her daughter and then took off.
What did he say?
He didn’t hear
a word of what I said.
What did he say?
That…
He feels like
they’re up to something.
He warned us not to stay here.
-Plan? What do you mean?
-Brother…
Plan…
What does he mean by 'plan'?
It could be an encounter.
That SP is involved in this.
He's been waiting
for a chance like this.
Let's act quickly.
Brother…
How is it possible to make a plan
and carry it out tonight?
I didn’t fall at DIG’s feet, that’s all.
-I can't let this chance slip away, James.
-Sir…
They deserve it, of course.
There's no doubt.
The festival is happening tonight.
That's why…
I’ve forwarded all the reports to DIG.
We have to finish them before dawn.
That’s all the time we've got.
Got it, sir.
Sir?
We’ve got permission.
It’s time to take them down tonight.
Done deal, sir.
But, it's the festival night…
What are you both going on about?
Yes, the festival is
indeed happening tonight.
You won’t find
a single soul in the town.
It's a golden opportunity!
Can't you see that?
I requested a transfer here
just to bring these guys down.
Sir, I’ve already assigned our Home Guard
and others to festival duty.
With the force that we have,
this seems questionable.
Have you ever addressed
your batch mate as "Sir"?
Didn’t you just hear me begging,
'DIG sir, DIG sir' over the phone?
He was my batchmate.
I went through hell because of Ravi.
I had to serve four years
at the DCRB.
Two years in EB vigilance.
And two more
in Karur Paper Mill vigilance.
I worked my tail off, and groveled
in front of miserable people in power,
-just to get to this position.
-Sir.
I want them dead!
Sir.
But still,
my main concern is the logistics.
If something goes wrong,
we might lose our jobs.
-James, I'll stand by your side.
-Dad!
Hey, I told you, right?
I don't like it, Dad!
What is it that you don't like?
-Gokul?
-Sir?
How is her dress?
It's beautiful, sir.
Looking good, dear.
Why should we be afraid, Uncle?
If the lady’s found,
there won’t be any trouble, right?
He’s doing this out of past grudge.
Uncle?
Shall I take our men
and search for that lady and her kid?
We’ll break into SP's house
and take him down.
-Let's face it.
-And after that?
Sit back and watch our family crumble?
Is this why we gave up everything
to live a respected life here?
Businesses to run and kids to care for…
Don't do anything!
I'll take care of it.
That filthy dog…
used to never sit
in front of your father.
Aunt, did you see
Grandma’s back scratcher?
The kids probably
left it here while playing.
What did the lawyer say?
I only have one concern, sir.
We need to lock the city
before they escape.
It's done.
What else?
Other than that
I don't see any threat.
I’ll guarantee that none of you
face any trouble.
Just stay by my side.
-Sure, sir.
-The FIR is against Kannan, sir.
How can we take down
Periyavar?
Sir… sorry, sir.
Ravi.
Sir, TV installation guys are here.
Why?
Can't that moron wait for a bit?
Sorry, sir.
The plan isn’t to capture both of them.
Nab one of them.
Arrest one, and the other
will come running.
Like birds of a feather,
they stick together!
See, Gokul.
I want them today.
If we manage to get
that woman's body
we can arrest them
without a thought, right?
Sure, sir.
We can arrest
the father and his son, right?
We’d have solid evidence
in our hands, sir.
Then, without any delay…
search for that woman's body.
Go to their house
and start the inquiry.
Okay, sir.
Sir?
What if they didn't kill her?
You still don't get it?
Got it, sir.
-Is Shahul here?
-Yes.
Let’s hold off on sending
new goods to the quarry tomorrow.
Tell them to deliver the load
we have to Hyderabad.
Nothing, dear.
He needs to head out for a bit.
-Get the kids ready.
-Okay, Aunt.
I'll call you if anything happens.
Go on.
-Dad, let's face it. You shou--
-Listen to me!
Nobody is picking up my call.
Given that, can’t you feel
he’s planning something big?
Leave.
Listen to him.
They’ve got an FIR against you,
haven’t they?
You’ll be their target now.
He's fully aware.
If we make it through tonight,
they can't get to us.
He's talking to you.
Let him go.
Kannan…
Let's get through tonight.
We’ll turn ourselves in
at court tomorrow.
Go on.
I'm scared.
Shall I… have a word with Kaali?
He won’t turn down my plea.
The blade’s not at our throats yet.
It's still far away.
We’ll act
when it’s about to strike.
Get the vehicle ready.
I need to head to SP's office.
Okay, Uncle.
Have you thought this through?
Our son's life.
Reputation, my foot.
-Hey!
-Sir?
-Link that to SP office 1.
-Okay, sir.
-I’ll access screen mirroring then.
You care so much for your son,
but what about the one outside
who's lost his family?
What do I say to him, Ravi?
You want others to value your agony,
yet you disregard their suffering.
No, sir.
Tell me what
you need from our side.
I'll do anything you demand.
What did you do
to that woman and her child?
Sir?
They left after a while, really.
You got him out of reach before
we could start the investigation.
Is this what an honorable man does?
Why not help with the investigation
if you have nothing to hide?
No, sir.
We received some info…
What do you mean?
Tell me clearly.
About encounter and stuff…
God, what is this?
Don't turn me into a bad guy.
I’ll never do anything
that’s against the law.
It’s been six months
since I got here, hasn’t it?
Did I ever try to mess with you?
-Sir?
-Ask your son to come here.
The FIR is filed against him,
so he has to be investigated.
He is my only son, sir.
I’ll ask him to surrender
at the court tomorrow.
If you help him out--
HEY!
What's with that glare?
What?
What is it, damn it!
Sir?
-I didn't--
-Wait outside.
Sorry, sir.
Forgive him.
He didn't know what he was doing.
Sir?
Let me be frank with you.
My son's life.
Please help us out.
Ravi!
Look for a fool to fall for your tricks.
You sketched and executed
everything perfectly…
Didn’t you say you would
present your son in court?
Do it if you can.
Uncle?
-What did he say?
-Tell Kannan to turn off his mobile.
-He should cross the border in an hour.
-Yes, Uncle.
She came here around 6:45 p.m.
and within 20 minutes
she left with her daughter.
She left?
-What happened?
-Hey, listen. Where are you going?
Mom, what is happening?
-Where did you bring that from?
-Where are you taking her to?
Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
I'll call my brother.
-I don't have a good feeling about this.
-Don't! Don't call him.
Don't.
What's going on?
Hey!
What the hell are you doing?
Barging into our house?
My husband will get here soon.
Yes, let him come home.
What the hell is this?
How did that get in here?
You should tell me that!
We found the lady's body.
What did you do to the child?
What tales are you spinning?
Let go of me, sir!
Let go of me!
We dug that out of your backyard.
Don't act shocked.
-You took the video?
-Yes, sir.
-Documented everything, right?
-Yes.
Then, our job here is done.
From where did you get the body?
Tell me!
-Tell the truth!
-Hey, did you see her face?
Did you, damn it?
Then how can you be
so sure the body isn’t hers?
If it's not around the house,
where did you bury her?
Acting all innocent
after committing a murder?
Wait, I'll bring each
and everyone of you down!
Hey, it's okay.
They're doing all this
to find your family.
Imagine being told to claim
a stranger’s body as your wife.
You’ll understand my pain then.
Shankar!
Wait!
-What is it, dear?
-
Dad…
The police have brought a corpse.
-Hello?
-What happened?
-
They're saying they'll file a rape case.
Tell me clearly.
Don't come home, Dad.
They'll file a rape case.
Give the phone to your mom.
-
Mom…
-Stop the car.
Mom, come here.
Here. Tell Dad.
-
Hello, dear?
-What's wrong?
The cops brought in a body,
saying it’s that woman's.
-Okay. Relax.
-
They're saying they'll file a rape case.
-We'll figure something.
-
Don't come home.
-I'll take care.
-
Warn Kannan.
I said I'll take care.
Call our lawyer
and ask him to come home.
-Inform Rajasekar about this.
-
Okay.
Don't call me.
Switch off your phone.
-I'll call Sreeja when I can.
-Okay.
-Ask Kannan to be careful.
-You stay strong.
-You stay safe.
-Okay.
What's wrong, Uncle?
We need a different car.
I'll arrange for it.
Hello?
The car will be here in ten minutes.
-Venkat.
-Yes, Uncle.
It's brother.
She told him everything?
I told her not to say anything!
Hey!
-Dad, we got dragged unnecessarily.
-I told you I'll call.
-Listen to me.
-I'll take down that SP.
-Dad, I can't digest this.
-This is exactly what he wants.
-And that's what he's doing.
-Our hard-earned reputation is down the drain.
-Kannan…
-Dad?
-Kannan?
-We have to kill him, Dad!
I've decided,
we must take that SP down!
He should definitely die.
But it should be done
without involving us.
If things go wrong,
it’ll ruin everything.
-Then how are we going to do it?
-He should die before dawn.
I'll take care.
Where is Kaali?
Sir, why aren’t we using
our own guys from here?
Are you sure it’s a good idea
to turn to him after all this time?
Do you remember that incident?
We can’t plan this out
and take it slow.
Every moment the SP lives
is a threat to my son.
Henchmen won’t be effective.
Only a faithful ally can do this.
Hey, Sathyamoorthy.
New shirt, is it?
What is it?
Hold. Let me check.
My eldest has been calling.
Your husband is here.
See you, sister.
Why so late?
The kids would be hungry.
Go fast.
Biriyani might get over.
Is this what took you so long?
-See you!
-Okay.
-Ah!
-What happened, Kalai?
I'm good, sister.
Get down.
You sit after I sit.
Come on. Sit.
-No, I won't. You--
-Hey! I won't do anything. Sit.
Hmm.
Won't you ever change?
You’re no longer young.
You’re a father of two.
-You leave. I'll take the share auto.
-Hey, hey!
Hop on.
All okay, Kalai?
Yes, yes, sister.
♪ A soothing wind that wraps me tight ♪
♪ A sweet melody echoes,
Forever in my memory ♪
♪ With you by my side,
Eternity is a blessing ♪
♪ No fears, no doubts,
I’ll gladly surrender! ♪
♪ In the warmth of your breath,
I find solace ♪
♪ You're my lifeline
That binds me whole ♪
♪ My beginning and end
In your eyes, I see ♪
♪ All the bonds I need
Are found in you, my Queen ♪
♪ You think I’d hesitate? ♪
♪ Your words are honey,
An intoxicating treat! ♪
♪ In my arms, reside forever ♪
♪ I’ll walk beside you
Our hands entwined ♪
♪ Your love soars me to heights ♪
♪ It invaded me like
A sweet summer rain ♪
♪ You ruled my heart
With such tenderness ♪
♪ As I fell for you
Like a rose to the morning dew ♪
-Quiet, I say!
-How much is it, Grandma?
♪ We spent years by each other's side ♪
♪ Shared a thousand kisses ♪
♪ Yet, when our eyes meet
My heart still skips a beat ♪
♪ Your eyes, they pierce my soul ♪
♪ Makes my heart beat just for you! ♪
♪ When we fight,
It's your gaze I see ♪
Yes, dear?
We'll be there soon.
♪ It’s your scent that I yearn for ♪
♪ In your embrace,
I find my home ♪
♪ Hand in hand by your side
Like a shadow, I long to stay ♪
♪ A soothing wind that wraps me tight ♪
♪ A sweet melody echoes,
Forever in my memory ♪
♪ With you by my side,
Eternity is a blessing ♪
♪ No fears, no doubts,
I’ll gladly surrender! ♪
♪ In the warmth of your breath,
I find solace ♪
♪ You're my lifeline
That binds me whole ♪
♪ My beginning and end
In your eyes, I see ♪
♪ All the bonds I need
Are found in you, my Queen ♪
♪ You think I’d hesitate? ♪
♪ Your words are honey,
An intoxicating treat! ♪
♪ In my arms, reside forever ♪
♪ I’ll walk beside you
Our hands entwined ♪
♪ Your love soars me to heights ♪
♪ It invaded me like
A sweet summer rain ♪
♪ You ruled my heart
With such tenderness ♪
♪ As I fell for you
Like a rose to the morning dew ♪
-Don’t get the kids ice cream, okay?
-Got it.
You’ll miss the show
by the time you arrive.
Someone needs to be at the shop, right?
You go, I'll send her.
Selvi hasn’t left yet.
Come with her.
Okay, sister.
I'll quickly change,
pay the chit, and join you.
You take the kids to--
How are you, brother?
-I've been sitting here for so long.
-Kaali, get me this.
-Hey…
-Sister-in-law.
Come soon.
I need kerosene.
I was cooking,
it got over halfway.
Isn't my daughter there?
She measures to the tee, unlike you.
Wait for some time.
-Hey, sit inside.
-It's alright, brother.
-Half a litre?
-A packet of turmeric, too.
-Give it to me. Please.
-No, thank you. It's okay.
Hey, did you see
what I've bought for you?
-I'm going first.
-Hey, stop.
-Hey!
-Careful!
Can't you see?
I've told you a zillion times
not to put this sack here.
Ask him to
watch his step while walking.
Are you hurt?
-What did you ask for?
-Dry chilli.
One packet is enough?
-That's it.
-Dad, I can't find the fan.
I'll get it from the festival.
You said you bought it
over the phone.
What did you do?
-Mom…
-Add this to my account.
-Okay. I'll do.
-Don't forget while talking to your daughter.
I won't.
Why is he here?
-No idea.
-Kaali.
One packet of milk.
You go talk to him.
-Anything else?
-Sugar for ten rupees.
Mom… You also eat.
Come, we'll eat together.
I asked him to eat.
But he said no.
-Thank you. I'm good for now. You eat.
-Okay.
Our dinner time is usually 7:30.
Got late today.
-Want some tea?
-No, thank you.
Make it fast, Mom.
We need to go to the festival.
I'm ready to go like this.
Only he has to get ready.
-Brother.
-Here.
Uncle is here.
-Who?!
-Uncle.
Where is he?
Upstairs.
-What else?
-A packet of vermicelli.
Only one?
Yes. That's it.
Forty rupees.
Sir.
Sir?
Kaali!
How are you?
I heard your second child is a son.
Yes, sir.
Let's go down and talk.
It's okay. Let's stay here.
I need to talk.
Sure. Why don't we go down and--
-He's still the same.
-Yes, Uncle.
Even now, I was talking about
that Sudhakar incident.
-Yes. It gives me goosebumps even now.
-Hey!
Why talk about the past?
-Our guys don't believe it--
-Hey!
-Let's go down and talk, sir.
-Kaali.
I want to talk to you.
Hey! How many times have I told you?
-Dilip, ask Dad if they want tea or coffee.
-Okay, Mom.
Hey!
Okay.
Give me two hours.
I'll find that lady and her child.
Kaali, ever since that SP took charge,
he’s been nothing but a headache.
And now they have a reason.
-He's holding on to--
-Listen to me.
What if we eliminate the cause?
What will he do?
Kaali, this is just a lame excuse
to carry out an encounter operation.
They've cornered us.
How do I explain…
My son's life is on the line here.
Sir.
I'm a father of two.
I’ve done unspeakable wrongs.
Every day, I ask God
not to let them suffer for my mistakes.
Tea or coffee, Dad?
Anything is okay.
-What's your name?
-Come on, Dad. Choose one.
Hey, he's asking you.
-Dilip.
-It's okay--
Tell Mom to make tea.
Careful.
-Mom. Dad is talking some secret.
-Dilip!
Grandma…
-Mom. One tea and one coffee.
-Dilip, come here.
You’re the only person I can rely on.
Only you can do it.
Sir.
I’m heavily in debt
and finding it hard to pay the school fees.
This…
This house is still unfinished
because I don’t have enough money.
Yet, when I go to bed at night,
I sleep peacefully.
I don't want to lose it.
Kaali.
Kaali?
You're also like a son to me.
Sir…
I'm ready to do anything for you.
That's my duty.
But not this. Please.
Without me…
-My family will--
-Kaali, please.
Just do this for me.
I'll get someone else to surrender.
You can't trust people these days.
I'll get Venkat to surrender.
Will that do?
He’s done that for you before, too.
No one knows about it.
No one will know it's you.
I guarantee.
Sorry, sir.
I can't.
I switched my phone
on the way here.
Even the car.
I've parked far from your house.
I promise
your name won’t come up, Kaali.
Trust me.
I came all this way for you.
Sir… I really can't.
Kaali…
-Please save me.
-Sir, please don't!
-Sir!
-It's my son's life.
-I'll do it, Sir!
-For your mom.
-Get up, Sir!
-Kaali.
What happened?
Keep it there.
-What does he want?
-Keep it and go.
No. Don't believe them.
Whatever they say,
don’t fall for it.
Okay. You go.
Kaali…
Tell me the truth, sir.
We didn’t harm the girl
or her mother, did we?
Poor guy, sir.
He lost both his wife and child.
Sir…
I've sent all the reports
to the DIG office.
Sir…
Sir… thank you, sir.
Hey, what's that smell?
Ask someone to get rid of it.
Okay, sir.
-James, IG has accepted.
-Super, sir.
Muthuraj, this one's not
like our usual cases.
We can't put off the plan
until another day.
If we mess this up,
it's gone forever.
That’s why I asked for you specifically.
Can we get this over with by tonight?
Three kilometers, Kaali.
Normally, you won’t see a soul
over there once night falls.
We just need a gun.
Tonight’s the festival night.
Lakeside is the right spot.
If the white van shows up,
there might be at least ten men there.
He's just going home.
The van won't be coming.
Just the gunman.
Gun won't work.
The vehicle will be on the move.
If we miss our aim…
There will be a driver with the gunman.
The news will travel fast.
Once you get to the middle of the lakeside,
stop the car and open the doors.
-Okay, sir.
-Those guys… will understand.
-They will be…
begging me.
Shoot them straight in those
begging hands.
They'll start running like
slaughter pigs, fearing their lives.
Let them run.
As they're running,
launch a bullet in Kannan's left shoulder.
Only then will he lose balance,
and look at my eyes.
When he looks at me,
puncture his lungs and heart.
Pop, pop!
Got it?
Got it, sir.
Then the
Periyavar…
Ravi.
He'll cry his heart out.
Let him cry for a couple of minutes.
Then, hit him, too.
Let the dad and son die
looking at me.
-Understood?
-We'll get it done, sir.
Yeah?
Where?
Super.
Bring him to the spot.
Sir, we got the son-in-law.
Hit him hard.
His cries should echo through Ravi's home.
We haven’t moved things out
of the old house, right?
We took just a couple of things.
Why?
Yam
is in there, right?
The
yam…
It…
-Its condition might be…
-No, it will work.
Kaali…
This will work.
This will work perfectly.
Do you remember
where we got it from?
No record will be found,
no matter how deep they dig.
We won't mess up, right?
If we fail, they'll issue
a shooting order against us.
I'll take care of it.
That's exactly
what I needed to hear.
Venkat.
Hey, Venkat.
Brother!
-I need a new phone and SIM.
-Okay, Uncle.
Ma'am!
Excuse me, ma'am!
Here. Your husband's speaking.
Talk to him.
-Hold his head straight!
-My husband? Hey!
-Oh, it's your husband?
-Bash him up!
I'm asking you.
Why the hell are you staying quiet?
What was that?
-A mosquito coil, please.
-Where are you going?
Anything else?
-Can I get coconut for 5 rupees?
-Kaali.
I'm asking you.
He needs a driver
to deliver the loads.
Is that why that man
is falling at your feet?
You don't trust me, do you?
Here you go.
-HEY!
-You could've given me the money instead.
Shut up and go away.
Why are you doing this?
I said I'll be back
in two hours.
Stay here.
Don't go anywhere.
I'll come back
and take you to the festival.
Don't go anywhere.
-Dear?
-Dad?
Let's go to the festival
once I'm back.
I'll be back soon, Dilip.
Kaali.
-Kaali, listen. Kaali.
-You promise every time but never take us.
-Listen to me, Kaali.
-Dad!
I'm talking to you.
-Mom…
-What's wrong with you?
I said I'll be back.
Our kids are watching.
You're lying.
Mom, I want to ride the giant wheel.
-Hey!
-Grandma!
Kaali, open the door.
-Open up!
-Gosh!
Why the hell are you shouting?
-I'll be there.
-Kaali…
Those four years,
with a baby in hand…
we were wandering around
with no place to go.
Did you forget?
Janani wet the bed
just the day before yesterday.
She's still terrified.
Kaali, that guy will crawl at your feet
to get his work done.
You think I don't know that?
I'll be back--
Leave this
and tell me truth.
Why the hell
did that man come here?
Fool!
You really think I’d act without
thinking about you and the kids?
He wanted a favor.
One look at the way you breath,
and I’ll know if you’re lying.
Wait.
Janani!
-Hey!
-Janani, come here.
-Yes, Mom!
-Quick. Come here.
-Why do you have to--
-Stand here.
You're really going
as a driver, right?
Swear on her that
you're only going to drive.
Come on. Do it!
Why would you…?
-It's nothing, dear.
-Dad?
Alright.
I'm not going.
Happy?
Move.
Hey…
He didn't come begging to me.
He showed up to say
he knows where my kids live.
Dad?
Alright.
So?
I'm not going.
Happy now?
I am not going.
-Sir.
-Is this information correct?
-Yes, sir.
Kannan is at the Avaniyapuram rice mill.
-Did he say so?
-No, sir.
It's an internal information.
Ravi is not there.
But Kannan is in the rice mill.
Gokul.
-We shouldn't miss it.
-Sure, sir.
Go with the team
and get them.
Okay, sir.
Let's go.
-James.
-Sir?
Make sure he's okay.
We'll get Ravi.
Hey, lift him up.
-Who's there?
-Shush.
-Hello?
Shush.
-What do you want?
-A camphor packet, please.
-How much?
-Ten rupees.
I've kept the money here.
Dear God…
Muthuraj!
Sir.
Go.
Hey, drop that, man.
Be careful with it.
Go, go.
Muthuraj, they're coming out.
Cover all exits.
Hey, idiot.
I told you to do it carefully.
I was doing it carefully.
-But it slipped.
-Park the car and get the tools here.
Hey, check there.
We need the force here, sir.
-Where?
-We got him, sir.
Make it fast, sir.
Bro…
Is this the one that we took?
Is this how you’re taking care of it?
If it exploded,
we wouldn’t even find a trace.
It would’ve blown up.
Careful, brother.
Move aside.
-Hey, where are the father and son?
-Sit straight!
Look, we don’t have time.
Answer us, or go to hell.
Tell us, or we’ll kill you
without a second thought.
Will you let me go
if I tell you?
Do we look like we’re negotiating?
Answer us!
Sir,
Periyavar
didn't come.
Kannan showed up
with a couple of his guys.
He got a call about 10 minutes ago.
-Then, he left.
-How is it possible, Muthuraj?
How did the info get out?
Thank God,
the inspector tipped us off.
-Had we delayed ten more minutes--
-Dad, just listen to me.
He won’t stop with this.
Call Manickam.
Ask him to come here.
Just listen to me, Dad.
Just half an hour more.
The job will be done.
Be patient.
Yeah, tell me.
Alright.
Sir, they’re doing checks on
the Thirumangalam bypass road.
Take a U-turn.
Brother?
Is this spot okay?
What happened to the woman
and her daughter?
Brother, she left long back.
We have nothing
to do with her.
Did you see her leaving?
Why would Uncle lie about it?
Huh?
Work faster.
Dig one before I come back.
I'll be back in two minutes, brother.
I left the water bottle in the vehicle.
Hey! Keep digging.
What?
The SP's vehicle is here.
Let's go later.
Bro, his vehicle just
passed the cement shop.
Brother, we won't miss this time, right?
I’ll wire them together to set it up.
If one thing gets triggered,
everything will come crashing down.
Bro, Uncle's calling.
Careful!
Yes, brother.
Tell me, sir.
SP has started.
Let's make it fast!
Hey!
What the…
Get rid of those traces.
I'll do it now.
Is this how you work?
Enough with that.
Come here.
Listen. It's--
HEY!
No need.
Bring the
yam.
Yes, brother.
Careful.
Hey, slow down.
I'm going to remove the safety pins.
Place it down slowly.
Hey…
Hey! Keep the
yam
down.
He'll be here soon.
Hey! Gosh, the
yam!
Catch it!
Careful, man.
Don't touch the pin!
This is the spot.
He's here, man.
Don't touch it.
Venkat…
Once we get the news,
put the barricade on both sides
and secure this place.
There should be no movement
for 30 minutes.
Venkat…
Hello?
Tell me.
What the hell?
He escaped?!
He crossed the lakeside?
Where is he going now?
Call Kaali.
Slowly.
He didn't answer?
Super.
I knew he would turn his back.
Hold it, brother.
We'll figure some alternate.
Brother, that SP escaped.
Do you get that?
Figure something, it seems.
How do we take him out now?
Listen to me.
It's not too late.
Let's get Manickam.
Go on.
-Hello?
-Kaali?
-Kaali!
-Sir?
What happened?
I couldn't do it, sir.
Sorry, sir.
I'll take him down at his house.
How can you say that so easily?
-Did he see you?
-No, sir.
Hey!
What the hell, man?
It's impossible to take him down
near his house.
Everything was set, sir.
Venkat collapsed
and almost fell on a
yam.
You could have just let him die.
How could you do this?
I told you a gun would’ve been better.
But you insisted on
yam.
I'm talking to you, but you--
Hey, Kannan. Give it back.
-Kaali.
-Tell me.
Don't you remember
how you first came to our house?
You took my dad for granted
because he came looking for you?
You forgot everything.
-Give me the phone.
-Wait.
-If you think you can go without finishing this…
-Hey!
-I said give it to me.
-Wait, Dad.
Hey, listen carefully.
-I'll take that SP down myself in sometime.
-Tea, sir.
-Get lost, you moron!
-We aren't relying on you.
But, I won't spare you.
Your family is at the festival.
I’ll take out every single one of them!
Kaali… Talk to me!
Tell them to run if they dare.
I’ll have their throats slit.
Hey! Give it to me.
Hey, Kaali.
Please don't take his words seriously.
You know him.
Kaali…
I took care of him.
You're also like a son to me.
Kaali?
Sir. I've given you a word.
I'll keep that up.
Alright.
Why are you depending on him, Dad?
You believe I’m begging him
because I can’t talk?
Whoever it may be.
Don’t say you’ll take his family out.
Say you’ve already wiped them out.
Clear?
Alright.
What's the plan now?
I have a place in mind
where we can take down that SP.
Only the guards are here.
Looks like the SP
hasn’t come home.
Sir?
Okay, Sir.
What is it, brother?
He's at the festival.
Shall I turn around and go there?
It's dangerous to stay here.
-I'm sure they'll tell when he leaves.
-Hey!
Don’t say a word.
Sorry, brother.
Hello? Who is it?
Hey, hold my hand.
Hey, who are you guys?
-Why are you following us?
-Kalai?
-Mom, ask them who they are.
-Who are you guys?
What do you want?
Brother?
Check if anyone's around.
What's the plan now?
I'm going to safeguard the
yams.
Stand in the middle of the road.
Only then people will see.
Okay, brother.
Sorry, brother.
Oh, my!
Sir, let me go.
Leave my hands.
We won't move until the SP comes.
-Hey, get up!
-He is searching for his missing wife and child.
Madam.
I want to see the SP.
My wife and child are missing.
-Madam?
-I signed, trusting him.
Hey.
Come here.
What are you doing there?
Nothing, sir.
Where's your house?
It looked like they were fighting.
I was just watching it.
What did I ask you?
My house is nearby.
Where?
What's your name?
Suresh.
What is that?
I fell down, sir.
Give me your phone number.
I don't have it with me.
I left it at home.
Hey, stop!
Hey!
-That guy is sitting in front of the house and--
-I know.
You don't talk to him.
-Who's gone home?
-The Inspector said he'll go himself.
We'll go before him.
-I'm on my way home, hang up.
-Hurry up.
Hey.
Who the hell is he?
-Stop the car.
-Sir?
-STOP THE DAMN CAR!
-Yes, sir.
Turn on the high beam.
-Get down and check if he has company.
-Okay, sir.
Hey!
-HEY!
-Sir?
-Stop him there and check him.
-Okay, sir.
Pardon?
-Go and check him, idiot.
-Okay, sir.
Hey, stop there.
-Hey.
-Sir?
-Call for a backup vehicle.
-On it, sir.
Control room, mic 10 driver here.
Copy that.
Please send an inspector
and 4 ARs for immediate backup.
-SP's car is near the junction.
-Backup is on its way.
Sir. He's clear.
You came to tell me this?
Go and stay with him.
He said he wanted to talk
something important to you.
He says he'll talk only to you.
Shall I ask him to come to office?
-When will the backup get here?
-In five minutes, sir.
Did you check him?
The guy seems normal.
He runs a provision store.
-Bring him along with you.
-Okay, sir.
Hello there, Kaali!
How are you?
Why this night meeting?
You could’ve come to the office.
Sir, the team will be here soon.
I know where Kannan is.
He has my family.
Save them from him,
and I’ll tell you all the details.
You’ve got a happy family,
and things are going pretty well, right?
Haven’t you gone through enough?
Have you forgotten the past?
They asked me to do something
and I refused.
They’re using my family
to threaten me, that’s all.
What did they want you to do?
I'll tell you where Kannan is.
Just keep my name out of it.
What did they want you to do?
Kaali…
-Where is he?
-My family?
The police are here to help you.
He is at the festival.
Listen, Kaali.
-If you try to trick me…
-He's near the stage.
I just spoke to him.
And Ravi?
They were together.
But not now.
Kaali.
If you were in my place,
would you believe
what you just said?
Sir…
My family is there right now.
At the festival.
Will you take this risk
if you were in my position?
Sir!
Stay behind bars till we find Ravi.
-Take him.
-Okay, sir.
If they even suspect I got into your car,
you’ll lose both Kannan and Sir.
Your people are
the ones informing them.
HEY!
-Hey, come here. Sir is calling.
-Go.
Tell me,
what did they ask you to do?
Fine.
From now on,
I want you to work for me.
Track down Ravi
and tell me where he is.
-I’ll let you know if I find him.
-Find him and report back!
You will.
You have to.
Sir.
I’ve put the past behind me.
But if my family is at risk,
I’ll recall every single detail.
What are you trying to say?
Huh?
-I’ll find out and let you know.
-Take my number and leave--
Kaali!
THAT ONE INCIDENT
A DECADE AGO
-I have the coconuts ready.
-Okay, okay. Come.
You should have
nine coconuts on the plate.
-Don't change it.
-Okay.
I left the turmeric applied pot at home.
-Can you send someone to get it?
-Sure, sister.
What happened?
Dilip gave the garland
and sugar crystals to me.
Keep it in the groom's room.
-We can take it while going to the temple.
-Okay.
There's not one person.
Dilip has been doing everything
single-handedly from last night.
Don't worry. We'll take care.
The best man needs to get ready, too.
The groom itself isn't ready.
But his best man is.
Check if Kaali is ready.
Can you ask someone
to buy a cello tape, please?
Brother, are you ready?
Mom is looking for you.
Brother?
Dilip Brother, where are you?
Did you see Kaali Brother?
-
Isn't he at the venue?
-No, he's not here.
I haven't seen him since morning!
What to do now, brother?
I'll go back home and check.
Handle here until then.
I passed by his house.
It was locked.
-Then, search the venue thoroughly.
-Venkat!
I’ll check other places too.
One tea, please.
Venkat!
-Is Kaali ready?
-He is getting ready.
You take care of things.
I'll go bring him.
They want a cello tape.
Also buy a garland for the God.
Hey, Kalai.
Get up, Kalai.
We need to be at the temple
in half an hour.
Wake up!
Kavitha, has someone gone home?
Hey! What is it?
Nothing. He's taking a shower.
What is it?
Huh?
Brother is not inside.
What do you mean?
Ever since Dilip Brother got up,
Kaali has been missing.
Since morning?
How?
-Guests have started coming!
-Mom.
Don't tell sister-in-law.
-Don’t worry, Dilip will find him.
-You leave.
Kavitha?
-You both take care of things downstairs.
-Brother, we're done for!
She’s about to tell our sister-in-law.
-
Why didn't you handle it?
-What to do?
Kalai?
Hey!
What is it, Mom?
Hey, people are searching for Kaali.
What?
He's missing?
Hey, people have started coming.
Hello! Welcome!
Kaali is inside, isn't he?
Send him out.
Hey, hey!
Kaali.
Wake up.
Wake up, it's getting late!
-It hurts!
-Mom.
Mom is yelling!
Get up. We have no time left.
You are going to get
an earful from me.
Hey!
-Go! Leave!
-Send him out.
Go on! Leave.
There, there, sweetie.
Hey! Why the heck are you going that way?
Take this way.
Come on!
Faster!
Hand me my shirt.
Oh God, leave, man!
What in the--
All this love now?
Get out of here!
Did you try calling him?
Don't you think I'd have called him?
Kaali's mobile is here.
It's becoming unmanageable.
I understand.
What do we do now?
Where do we look for him?
-Hey! Hello.
- Looking for the groom, eh?
Answer me. Hello!
Hello? What happened?
Hang up.
Mom!
-Yes, even I heard about that.
-Mom!
-What is it?
-Brother was showering inside.
I didn't check properly.
Okay, leave.
It’s easy for the rich
to afford those stuff.
Brother,
veshti
and shirt are missing.
I've looked for it all over.
Close the door.
Brother?
Careful!
Get inside, you!
Hey! Close the door.
Someone might come in.
-Kalai…
-Coming!
-Open up.
-Wait.
Are my clothes ready?
-What is it?
-Help me get ready!
Of course!
How long do I need to wait? Come on!
I had to bathe.
Move.
Move, woman!
What--
What are you smirking at?
People might see us. Move!
Move, lady!
What are you doing?
Listen, Kalaivaani!
Kalai! Hey!
What are you doing?
Don't you dare!
Stop playing around!
Hey!
I'll--
Kalai, don't!
Stop it!
My towel…
Gosh! My towel's loose!
THE CEREMONY IS IN TEN MINUTES.
GRAB A SNACK AND COME BACK…
Where have you kept it?
Sir and his family are here!
Come on, tell me.
Okay, get me that suitcase.
Is it inside this?
-Huh?
-Open it!
You sly woman!
So, is this why you didn’t
give me my
dhoti
?
-How much is this?
-Why do you need to know?
This doesn’t look cheap!
Had you told me before,
I’d have gotten you something, too!
As if!
You’ll be wearing a simple saree,
but you want me to glam up?
Come on, this is your first marriage,
not mine!
Okay. I won't say that again.
I won't!
I promise.
It’s your first marriage as well.
This isn't your kid anymore.
This is
our
kid, got it?
Okay. Our--
This is our kid! Happy?
-Hey, wait.
-Hang on!
Wait!
How many times do
I need to remind you to be gentle?
You bit me so bad,
and now there's a mark!
You had me turned on so bad!
-Huh? What?
-Passion!
Forget it.
Hey, hang on.
-Kalai!
-Yes! Two minutes, Mom!
Come fast!
Hold on.
Mom!
I'll be there in ten minutes.
-Yes, Uncle. It's amazing.
-Look! Kaali is here.
-He's here?
-Come, Kalai.
What, Kalai?
Looks like tonight
isn’t going to be your first time.
That was over a year ago!
Oh my!
-There, sweety!
-Kaali, greet everyone.
Hello, brother.
Hi, sister-in-law.
♪ Oh my, oh my! ♪
♪ She stormed in
And made my heart her own! ♪
♪ Oh, she knows!
That beauty bows before her ♪
♪ Every soul falls captive to her gaze ♪
♪ One glance from her,
And I lose the battle! ♪
♪ All eyes will be on you,
Admiring the charm your eyes hold ♪
Where is Dilip?
-Where on Earth is Dilip?
-Dear, come here.
Hand him the
nuptial thread.
Hello.
DSP sir wanted you--
How dare you touch him?
Who do you think you are?
-Such nerve of you to touch him!
-Hey, Kaali!
-Hey, Kaali, stay here.
-Let go, sir! Let go.
I asked you to bring him,
not to create a scene!
-Kannan, let's focus on this.
-Go on!
Kaali!
Get it started.
I asked you to bring him for a chat.
-How dare he touch him?
-Take the thread.
Get lost!
Luckily, my shirt didn’t get messed up.
-Mom…
-Dear?
He didn’t mean to.
If you stay so serious,
the pictures won’t turn out well!
Okay, sorry.
Look, listen to me.
If you ever think
about starting a fight...
He won't, dear.
You have my word.
-Tie the knot!
-I won't, honey.
Happy?
Come on, smile.
Go on!
Tie the knot!
Dilip…
-Our
Idiyappam
shop owner's son?
-Yes, Dad.
The one who stays
with Kaali all the time.
The postmortem is complete.
But they refuse to take the body.
Only Kaali can settle this.
If we try to deal with this alone,
it'll escalate.
The longer we wait,
the worse it gets.
With your help,
we can keep this under wraps.
Come, Dad.
Let's leave.
What’s in it for us?
What should I do?
Sir, it’s been a long wait.
Secure that mining contract for us.
I saw this coming, sir.
We don’t need them to fix this.
Come on,
let’s handle it ourselves.
HEY!
Can’t you see I’m talking?
You’re worried about your job?
I’m the one who’s
going to take the fall!
I’m dealing with this mess
because of you.
Sir, you told me to beat him up.
So?
Does that mean you can take his life?
I’m holding back
because of
Periyavar.
Stay put, I’ll call you!
Wouldn’t
Periyavar
do this for his son-in-law?
Huh?
Go on, ask him!
Of course, he'll help you out.
-DSP…
-Sir?
My daughter takes more pride
being the Inspector's wife
than being my daughter.
Before that, this mining contract
is of no importance to me.
-Kid, Mom is here!
-Coming, Grandpa.
-Careful!
-Keerthi!
-You’re still up there?
-He’s been after that contract for ages.
-He chose the best time to strike a deal!
-Dad, where is her project?
Yes, I'm coming.
-Getting the job done is our priority.
-Okay…
-Where are the shoes?
-Sister, bring my shoes.
-Dad?
-Yes.
We secured the contract.
We’ve been asking for this for ages.
Now, they’ve signed the deal
to settle their issue.
Dad, did we rush into this?
I think we could’ve
demanded something bigger.
These guys can’t sway Kaali.
We have to talk to him.
It’s not too late.
Over time, the demand will increase.
Don't worry about it.
Switch off your mobile.
I'm hungry.
I’ve sent someone to get us
biryani.
Alright, set an alarm for 3 o’clock.
Brother?
The DSP is here, brother.
Kannan!
What is this, Kannan?
You still haven’t gotten the job done?
Shush!
He's asleep.
Sit down, sir.
You’ve secured the contract, right?
What now?
One minute.
Sir.
We don't want the contract.
-Now--
-Why the hell didn’t you tell this earlier?
I should have…
But I didn't!
It didn't cross my mind.
We have to act before
Periyavar
learns about this.
-Sir.
-What's happening over there?
Sir …
They betrayed us.
It's my fault.
I shouldn't have trusted them.
-Brother.
-Sir?
-Yes, sir.
Can you do it or not?
Sir,
if the contract was
that important to them,
they wouldn't have waited
so long and rejected it.
They're planning something big.
-I can’t make sense of it.
-Each second we waste,
the news will get out,
I’ll lose my reputation,
and my son-in-law will lose his job.
Sir…
If any one of that happens,
you’ll have to face me!
-Got it?
-I'll deal with this, sir.
How?
I’ll go as far as falling
at someone’s feet to fix this.
This is my responsibility.
I won't mess up this time.
Man, put the banana leaf for me.
Where is everybody?
Hey!
-Brother?
-Come here.
Where did Dilip go?
He isn't answering my calls.
I think he's asleep.
I’ve been asking you
where he is for so long.
If he’s not picking up,
you should’ve gone to his place, right?
-Turn the leaf.
-Hey!
He hasn’t eaten since morning,
so bring him with you.
He must be hungry.
-Who are you looking for?
-Dilip!
I haven't seen him since morning!
Let him feed you, sister-in-law.
Yes, brother.
Look at the camera.
-Feed me!
-Son…
Kaali…
What is it now?
Wait!
Kaali!
It wasn't intentional.
It was an…
…accident.
We took Dilip…
…to the station for questioning.
Over there, he slipped and fell.
We did everything to save him.
But we couldn’t
save that poor soul.
Kannan and Ravi…
knows about this.
They’ll talk to you about this.
Kaali!
Kaali! Kaali!
-Hey!
-Kaal--
Who is outside?
Hey!
Open the door.
Venkat?
Hey!
-Kaali!
-Did you find where Dilip is?
Venkat!
Hey.
Where is your phone?
-Kaali!
-Call Dilip.
-Kaali, listen to--
-You! What is it?
What?
Kaali.
-Kaali, listen to me.
-Hey!
Open the door.
-Kaali!
-Why did he need to go to the station?
Hey, Venkat!
Why is Uncle stopping me from
talking about Dilip brother?
This doesn't feel good, brother.
He has his reasons.
That DSP is here as well.
There’s a wedding going on.
Keep quiet!
That's why I'm holding back.
I don't get it, Kalai.
Why should he--
Hey, tell me the truth.
Is he…
alive at the hospital
or...?
Is he dead?
He's no more, Kaali.
Kaali!
-What happened?
-Let go!
What did you do to him?
-Kaali!
-Look here.
I understand he’s mad at me.
But this is wrong!
Hands off!
Let go of him!
We saw him this morning!
And now, you’re saying he’s dead?
Anyone in his place
would react the same!
Sit down.
I understand.
He can't get mad at me
without knowing the full story!
Who killed him?
Why?
Why do you want to know?
What are you planning to do?
Are you going to kill him?
And what about us,
me and the kid?
Kaali!
-Kalai! Kalai?
-You can't go inside, ma'am.
-Dear?
-Wait, she'll be here soon.
My child is hungry.
Don't cry, Kid.
Ram!
-Kalai!
-Ram!
Kalai?
Give her to me.
-It's alright, sweetie.
-What's going on, dear?
-Please don't fight, dear.
-Wait, ma'am.
-Wait outside, ma'am.
-Kaali, please control your temper.
Why are you here now?
What do you want?
Dilip’s family is refusing
to take his body.
-But if you say, they will.
-Okay.
I need to know what happened.
Hey, why did you say okay to that?
Hey!
Don’t make things worse.
He said okay, didn't he?
God, sir! I’m saying this
for your own good.
His tone doesn’t sound right to me.
Isn't this a little too much?
For my own good?
What do you mean?
Oh God…
Kaali!
Hey.
-Please don't.
-What did I do?
He was here all night.
What do you mean he's no more?
Do you believe this?
Hold her.
Tell me.
Do you?
I feel like if I open the door,
I might see him doing something.
Hey!
Dilip!
You didn't let us see him.
Since no one was around
to defend him, you killed him ruthlessly.
Okay.
Ask the person behind this
to come here.
-Kaali!
-I need to know what happened.
Kaali, I'm saying this for your own good.
You're up against Inspector Sudhakar.
He is
Periyavar
's son-in-law.
You're aware of that, right?
Kaali!
Sir.
Sir?
DSP spoke with Kaali, it seems.
Sir, it looks like
they might collect Dilip's body.
Turn on the phone.
This is the perfect time.
Tell him.
He told us
he needed to use the bathroom.
Since it was getting late,
we went to check on him...
-he slipped and--
-I already told him everything.
Tell him what happened
at the tea shop.
After playing shuttlecock,
we went to have some tea.
'We'?
Kaali!
Stop leaving breaks in between,
we’re running out of time!
-Tell him what exactly happened.
-Kaali, enough.
Wait.
Imagine this is a tea shop.
You’re standing here,
and I’m standing here.
-And that guy…
-Dilip.
I'm Dilip.
Tell me.
I grabbed the tea and turned around.
It spilled on him.
He raised his voice
at me in front of everyone.
When Sir asked him to be respectful,
he snapped at him in return!
That’s why we dragged him to the station.
If he raised his voice at you…
You should've yelled at him back.
Why did you lay a hand on him?
Ladies were there.
If you disrespect a cop in public,
won’t I get mad?
How will the public respect me--
Hey!
Hit me!
There's a lady in here as well.
Touch me if you dare!
Kaali…
I’ll slice you to the core,
you’ll be unrecognizable!
Don't, Kaali.
It’ll take over ten days for your people
to find your bits and pieces
-and get you buried.
-Kaali, don't!
Hey!
Kaali.
Come, I'll talk to them.
Don't go there.
Leave it to me.
Just talk to him on the phone.
-Kalai?
-Yes, Mom?
You haven't eaten
anything since morning.
Leave me alone, Mom.
Kaali must be hungry as well.
He'll only eat if you do.
Come.
-Here.
-You just won't listen to me.
-Did you eat?
-I will eat now.
-Eat, you two!
-You go and eat something!
-We'll eat. You have dinner.
-Let Kaali eat first.
Kaali?
Mom, Kaali is missing.
What happened?
Hello?
Kaali?
Where are you?
Saw what they've done to our Dilip?
Where are you now?
Alright.
They had me and Kannan hostage.
We managed to get away
and just got out.
Okay.
I'll send someone.
We need to take down
that Inspector at his place!
How many men do we have?
-Hey, bring it soon!
-Yes, tell me.
How can you say that so casually?
What the hell were you doing?
Assign four officers to the wedding hall
and dispatch the others to protect
Periyavar
’s son-in-law.
Hello, son-in-law?
Hang in there,
I’ll take care of it.
I don't feel good about being here.
He’ll come straight here.
That street dog!
If we leave our house fearing
what he might do…
What'll happen?
Don't be scared.
Leave it to me.
Brother, there are about
ten to fifteen guys here.
Hey, stand by the groove.
You go along with them.
Mani!
Ask them to eat first.
Brother, the police are here.
If the DSP arrives,
this place will be packed with cops.
If we don't get the job done quickly,
we'll be at risk.
Who is at the wedding hall?
His whole family is there.
Send a message saying
we're on our way.
Okay, hang up.
I'll call you back.
Go this way.
Take the back route.
Brother?
Brother,
Periyavar
isn't coming here.
He's heading straight
to the wedding hall.
Sir?
I warned you, even a little scratch
on my son-in-law,
and you’ll have to face me.
Remember?
Sir, we have sent a backup team.
There’s an Inspector
at the scene too.
I'll be there in twenty minutes.
Brother…
If we make a move
against his son-in-law,
what if he targets our family?
-What should we do?
-Go inside now.
Are you seriously attacking
at an Inspector’s place?
The police force
is on its way for you!
Go in!
-Call Dad!
-Go inside and call him.
Brother?
He locked himself inside.
We can't break it open.
Where are you?
Hey, Mani!
Look, take him down.
Brother? Brother?
We took care of the guards outside.
They exploded the door and barged in!
They're trying to break into our room!
Do something, Uncle! Please.
Do something, Uncle!
Kaali!
Hey, Kaali!
Listen, Kaali!
Don't!
I'm telling this for your own good.
Lay a hand on me…
Don't, Kaali.
Listen to me.
Your family will be left in ruins.
-Uncle won't spare you.
-Kill him, brother.
Kaali, look!
-Don't!
-Shoot him, brother.
Let’s surrender ourselves.
-Brother?
-
Son-in-law!
Talk to me.
Uncle…
He left.
What?
They all left.
He left?
What do you mean?
-I don't get it.
-Yes, Uncle.
They're going to surrender themselves.
Surrender?
-Who told you that?
-Uncle…
Kaali said that himself.
Sir--
I'll take care.
Send him with me.
Ram, they are here.
Inform this to sir.
Ask him to come.
-Ram!
-Sir?
You! Come here.
What's inside the bag?
You stray, orphan dog.
Having no one to defend…
If you cross my son-in-law,
you know you'll have
to deal with me, right?
You!
If I lay a hand on you,
who the hell will stop me?
You moron!
Just two inches from ear to forehead
that’s all it takes!
Go!
Get lost.
You made a grave mistake, Kaali!
Don't.
I understand your anger.
To avenge Dilip’s death,
you have to start
by killing Ravi and Kannan.
I just got involved to settle this.
They used his death to strike
a mining deal with him.
Now, they’ve used you
and secured
Periyavar
's position too.
They played his death to their benefit!
You’re making that up.
Call them
and tell them to come here.
Let them prove me wrong.
And then,
I'll listen to whatever you say.
Brother, Uncle is on the way.
When did you find out
about Dilip’s death?
Brother.
This morning.
Uncle stopped me from saying
because of the wedding.
He asked me to keep quiet.
That's why…
Brother?
Brother!
-Where the hell is he?
-Hey!
Don't raise your voice in here.
You'll be killed!
-Report it.
-Yes, sir.
Sit down, Dad.
Don't worry, DSP sir.
So, you’re only getting suspended, right?
We'll take care of it.
What say, Dad?
Ravi!
Periyavar
!
-Brother!
-You know what's inside it, right?
-Careful with it.
-Brother?
Careful, guys!
Don't worry, brother.
Instead of you,
I’ll turn myself in.
Kannan brother said
he’d handle everything else.
Uncle is everything from now on.
They’re calling you inside.
What should I say to Uncle?
Tell him I said thanks.
-I asked for a fan, didn't I?
-I got you a balloon, aren't you happy?
But I want a fan!
Keep quiet.
You just can't stop talking, can you?
Hello?
Hello? Kaali?
Is that you?
Why aren't you saying anything?
That is…
I couldn't hear you.
Are you lying to me?
Hello?
It’s really loud here.
Why did you tell us
to come to the festival?
Who was that new guy?
He showed up at our house
to take us with him?
Shall I go home?
Hey, listen.
Stay there until I tell you.
-Hey.
-I'll take you home.
-Don’t leave, no matter who tells you to.
-Hey!
What are you saying?
What's going on?
What the hell did you do?
I’m terrified!
Listen to me.
I didn’t do anything,
and I’m not going to. Clear?
Hey.
-Kaali.
-I won't.
Come to me.
Whatever it is,
let’s face it together.
The kids are looking for you.
Please listen to me, Kaali.
Hey, say something. Please.
Hello?
Can you hear me?
Kaali!
I'm sorry.
I had no other option…
so I left.
Hey… Kaali.
Are you scared?
Don't call me.
I'll call you back.
Hey! Hey!
-Look. Stay there until I call you.
-Kaali! Kaali! One minute.
Gokul?
Wait.
Let the
molapaari
go.
Go now.
Sir?
Sir!
He's not here.
Stop the vehicle.
We will reach in five minutes, sir.
It’s unsafe to park
in the middle of the road.
Stop here.
Sir.
Something doesn't feel right, Ganesan.
Our men are with Kannan, Sir.
Why are you so worried?
Nothing will happen, Sir.
Call them and get an update.
Answer, Kaali!
Sir.
I think Kaali fooled us all.
No trace of him being here.
Sir…Sir.
Hey…
Brother, the police
are causing trouble.
That was a close call.
I almost got caught.
Park the vehicle aside.
Hey! What is it?
Brother?
You didn't hide the
yam
?
I forgot.
-Capture Kaali's family.
-Okay, sir.
-Hey.
-Yes, sir?
One minute.
Sir.
Open it up.
-Go inside.
-Sir.
Go on.
Sir.
They built all this
and were hiding here the entire time.
Chairs are there.
Sir, the information is legit.
Sir, they left in the middle of the meal.
You!
Come out. Come out.
Go!
Stand here.
Hey, come on!
Come out.
Come.
-Get up.
-Sir…
-Sir. let us go!
-Help! Somebody help!
Let me go, sir.
Please.
They are going to kill us,
somebody help!
No one can hear you.
Why is the SP after you?
Are you a big shot?
Why didn't you answer his calls?
I didn't know whose number it was.
That's why I didn't answer.
I need to go home.
Let me go.
Everyone's phones are turned off.
Did Kaali call you, Sir?
This is why
I wanted to start early!
None of them are answering my calls.
If Kannan doesn't call
in the next five minutes...
I won't let anyone
involved in this get away.
I’ll take them down along
with their family.
Drive carefully.
Come again?
Did you really just say that?
I’m so stressed,
not knowing where my son is.
"Drive carefully"?
Drive faster!
Hey…
-Gokul.
-Sir.
Kill him if he screams.
Where is your dad?
Hold him tight.
Atleast, you guys tell me.
Look at the guy getting thrashed.
He has an advantage.
If I say they attempted to escape
and that’s why I shot them,
there shouldn't be
any injuries on their bodies.
Don't you agree?
-Hold his leg tight.
-So…
The one getting
thrashed won't get killed.
It's up to you!
Get bashed up or die.
-I just need the info.
-Sir, I'm ready to get thrashed.
-I can give you his number!
-Gokul!
-We'll trace it down, sir.
-Sir.
Sir, I will give you
whatever you demand.
Gokul.
What will you get out of revenge?
What do you gain by killing us?
Ask whatever you want.
I'm ready to offer.
Hmm?
Yes, sir.
Whatever it is…
Ask away!
What will you give?
I’ll make sure it’s done by tonight, sir.
What do you want, sir?
I have a family, sir.
Please, sir.
Kannan…
Hope is a dangerous weapon.
For a second,
you pictured a happy future, didn't you?
You want to know what I want?
I want your father.
Will you hand him over?
Alright.
Okay.
Sir.
Kaali got caught as well.
But Venkat escaped.
Where should I ask him to come?
Sir.
-Sir…
-Kaali.
The info you gave was correct.
We caught Kannan.
He is inside.
Next…
Did you check?
I did, sir.
Shall I cuff him?
-Hey, he’s with us.
-Sir, why did you bring me here?
Come, Kaali.
Nothing.
Send a message to Ravi
saying his son’s been caught.
Only then will he come out.
He must have heard
the news by now.
Why did you bring me here?
Kaali, the time is 02:20 now.
There’s nothing we can do
with the clues these guys give.
He’ll be in court by morning.
Everything will go in vain.
You do one thing.
Go inside.
Try to get Kannan to talk,
and find out where his father is.
That’s all.
Sir.
Kannan won't trust me.
What do I tell him?
We can't take down just one, Kaali.
The one who stays alive
will pose a threat to us.
Sir?
Don't drag me into this, sir.
I’m not the person I used to be.
Then, what were you doing
near my house?
You didn't answer my calls.
Forget that.
Let's focus on what we need to do.
You go inside.
Things will work out on their own.
He’ll talk to his father
and come up with a plan.
Just let me know
what’s going on there, that’s it.
I will take care of the rest.
Half the battle is over.
Just finish it once and for all!
Family comes first, right?
Sir…
-Sorry, sir.
-Who'll take me?
Go.
I warned my father
that you’re not trustworthy.
Is this your big plan to kill him?
As if you could pull it off!
Welcome aboard,
let’s die together!
The call is coming
from Usilampatti towards Madurai.
Super!
The information has been passed on.
Tighten security at the checkpost.
Already done, sir.
They’re bypassing the highway
and taking the route through the villages.
That's expected.
Send our men their way.
Don’t trust anyone at L&O.
Okay, sir.
Be careful.
The current plan is on track.
I will end it today.
The game ends today!
What is it?
Are you guys plotting something?
Police are watching you closely.
Do I need to break it down
just for you?
Sit down.
Hey!
-Trying to untie yourself? Stay put.
-No, sir.
Listen. I'll be back.
Got it.
What are you doing?
Kaali!
What are you up to?
What on earth are you doing?
Who are you calling?
I have a family, remember?
Who are you calling to?
Give me the phone!
Make it quick.
If we make a call,
we're done for.
Brother, please.
Ask our men to come.
-They might be back soon.
-What are you thinking, brother?
Inform Sir that the police are here.
Police are already
on their way to him.
At least inform him!
He might get caught for godsake!
Hey!
You know what'll happen
if he doesn't get caught, don't you?
SP won’t spare me,
because the one left alive
will always be a threat.
You're here as well.
My father’s not letting his guard down.
He won't get caught.
Even if he gets caught,
let it not be because of me.
I won't make a call.
Brother, please do something
before they return.
-Please, brother.
-Hey! Hey!
Give me the phone.
Brother, please.
Listen to us.
I came trusting you, but now
my family's fate is uncertain.
And you're just rambling.
Give me the phone!
Brother…
Brother please,
at least ask our men to come!
-We'll escape from here.
-Shut up, guys!
Dial this number.
70922…
16415.
Put it on speaker.
Hello?
-Mom?
-Kannan, son?
-Kanna, where are you?
-Mom!
I wanted to hear your voice
one last time.
Don't talk like that.
Where are you?
Tell me that.
I'm worried sick.
Son, wait.
I'll call your dad.
No, Mom.
Police are tracing his number.
Hey, they can't track down
your father.
Don't worry.
We'll take care.
Doesn't matter what happens,
even if it costs an eye or limb,
just make sure you come back alive.
I'll protect you.
Got it?
Things will unfold in our favor.
-
Did you hear me?
-Yes, Mom.
-Son?
-Mom!
There's a black sheep in your gang.
Trust no one.
Stay alert.
I'll hang up now.
-Who was it?
-It wasn't me, brother.
The SP walked right into my hideout,
lifted the screen,
and found me there.
-How could this happen?
-I don't know.
How could this happen?!
Why on earth would we do this?
'We'? So you’re all part of this?
Weren't we by your side?
That’s all I meant.
How could you think we’d…
-Despite being thrashed black and blue…
-Hey!
What are you implying?
Are you pointing fingers at me?
I'll kill you!
Brother, how could we?
-Wasn't Kaali there too, besides us?
-Hey!
Chidambaram, mind it!
It could even be Kaali.
You filthy traitors!
He had no idea where I was!
I’ll kill all three of you!
-Spit out the truth, now!
-It wasn’t us!
I swear it wasn't us.
-How could you suspect us?
-Hey!
Even if I don’t, my dad will…
-kill all three of you.
-Hey! Shh…
Silence, now.
-Let's get him.
-Follow me.
Brother, it's our men.
Get down. Run.
They're here.
It's our men, guys!
It’s our men.
-Our men are here!
-Hey, ask Muthuraj to come.
Hey, the SP is here.
I knew it!
Sir, their men are here.
Take him down!
Brother…
Brother, our men have surrounded the place!
Don't worry.
-We're here.
-Don’t let anyone live.
Take down that SP!
I have a clear shot at him.
Brother, I shot the SP.
I've shot him.
I'm coming.
Brother, the SP's going that way.
-Sir, let's go.
-Move fast!
-Break the door.
-Move.
-Don't untie anyone!
-Kannan brother…
I'm here for you.
Who set off the bomb?
He is still inside. Get out!
Don't worry.
Saw Kannan Brother.
He's safe, Uncle.
-Yeah, hand the phone to Kannan.
-Brother…
It's alright.
We're here now.
-Kannan, come home.
-I'll be there, dad.
-Where is the SP?
-I shot him.
-He escaped, brother.
-You idiots, find that SP!
Please don't!
-You traitors!
-Please don't, brother.
I have a family.
Please let me go!
-I have a family. Listen to me!
-You've fed off me for years.
Let's go kill that SP.
Go find him.
Kaali! Do I need to invite you?
Come on, let’s get moving!
Hey, search every nook and cranny.
Find the SP.
You get going, brother.
Uncle wanted you home.
I’ve got this, you go.
-I won’t leave until I have that SP.
-Brother…
Kaali, at least kill him now!
If you can, catch him alive.
-Spare none of the police!
-Kannan…
Do whatever you want,
but why drag me into this?
Hey, you're halfway there.
Finish it completely and leave!
Hey, take this.
-Take this, I said.
-Kaali…
Remember your family?
The police are here!
Brother, all the cops are here.
Come quick!
Let's go.
-Hand it over!
-Get him.
Don't let any police escape.
Brother, the inspector's here.
Kaali, catch him.
-Hey, shoot him.
-Brother, come with me.
Don't move.
Stay right there.
-Check if someone’s there.
-Okay, brother.
He's dead.
Kaali, wait.
I'm coming.
There's nothing over here.
You check over there.
-Kannan?
-What?
I’m counting on you.
You catch him first.
-Kaali…
-Sir?
Divert them fast and…
-help me get to my car.
-They've surrounded the place.
-We can't move.
-Listen, Kaali.
The force could arrive any moment.
If I die…
your name's next on the list.
Don't you know what'll happen
if an SP dies?
Only I can help you escape.
Distract them quickly
-and take me--
-Shh!
I warned you
not to drag me into this,
but you didn’t listen.
Come on.
Sir, careful.
Quick!
Make it fast.
Come on, quick!
Come on, man.
Drive.
-Kaali, don't spare them.
-What do you mean?
I can only distract them.
Start the car.
Kaali, take the phone.
Sir…
-Hey, what are you doing?
-Our tires are slashed.
-That's alright. Just move.
-Where are you guys?
-The car isn't starting, sir.
-Somebody come fast!
Get out of here.
Hey, go now!
Hey, look.
The SP is trying to escape.
The SP's car is leaving.
Get him!
-Come on, fast.
-Hey, Kaali! Come!
It's the SP's car.
-Is that him?
-Hey, Venkat!
-Come on, brother.
-Give me your phone.
-Airtel, right?
-Yeah.
Gosh, I can't reach them.
Go give my wife the phone.
I need to talk to her.
She went to the festival,
but she’s called me like a dozen times.
-Go.
-To this number?
Just go.
But Uncle wanted me to
stay by Kannan's side.
You go, brother.
I'll take care.
It's all good here.
What the hell's your problem?
Go to her.
Also…
get her to call me
or ask her to go home.
Can I tell Kannan brother
that I'm leaving?
I said go!
Hey, Kaali. Come here.
He's underneath the car.
Somebody get him!
Lift him up.
-Head first.
-Lift him up.
Hold him.
Trying to escape, eh?
Lift him.
Come on.
That's enough.
"Hope is a dangerous weapon!"
Huh?
Stop this, Kannan.
Let me go.
You are making a mistake.
I asked you the same thing earlier.
I'll show you who I am.
Kaali, come here.
Load this guy in the vehicle.
Why are you carrying him?
Put him down.
We need him alive
to negotiate with the police.
If we leave him here,
we'll be dead.
-Come on.
-Put him inside.
I'll take care of everything.
Keep him from losing blood,
he might die.
Bring the car over.
-Come on.
-Bring the car.
Come on.
Kaali, get in the jeep.
Get in.
Drive.
Gautham!
-Let's go.
-Get in.
-Hello?
-Hey.
-Yes, Sir.
-Pass the phone to Kannan.
Brother, call for you.
-Dad?
-Kannan, what happened?
-We've started, Dad.
-Come straight to
-Manickam's godown.
-Fine, dad.
Where is SP?
He's in the car with us.
Alright! Stay safe.
Are all our men safe?
I killed those traitor dogs
who were with me.
Why did you?
Hand the phone to Kaali.
Alright.
Kaali…
-Sir?
-Kaali…
You leave.
-I'll handle it from here.
-Okay, Sir.
Here.
How many times do I have to
tell you not to rush?
How do you know
it was those three?
Those were the only three with me.
So, who else if not them?
You rush without
knowing the full story.
Okay, get here soon.
Did Dad ask you to leave?
Yeah.
Hey, stop the jeep.
-Drop me over there.
-Wait.
Stop the car.
Get down.
I'll tell you.
Why?
Kaali, get down.
I'll tell you.
Brother.
I need to know something.
What is it?
Where were you
when I got arrested?
Is this the time for this?
Get going.
I'm talking to you.
You don’t understand
the value of a life.
The police will be here soon.
Let's talk later.
Answer me.
Where were you?
Hey!
Where will one go
to take down the SP?
Near his house, of course.
To hell with your interrogation.
Had I been in your place…
I’d be asking what time
you got arrested.
I wouldn't have replied.
How do you know
the time of my arrest?
Huh?
Come on, guys.
Surround him.
It was you, right?
Huh?
Answer me.
That was you, right?
Kannan, don't.
Get out of here.
It's for your own good.
Unlock SP's phone
and bring it here.
Okay.
We'll know soon.
Brother, what’s the phone number
we gave to Kaali?
Why now?
Just give me.
-98419…
-67963.
Where's Venkat?
-Huh?
-I'll call him.
Check if the number
is in his contacts.
Give me.
Venkat, where the hell did you go?
Brother, Kaali asked me
to take his wife and kids home.
That's why…
Cleverly safeguarded
your family, huh?
So, you planned everything.
Hey, be there until I say otherwise.
Be with his family.
-Huh?
-
Okay, brother.
I'll call you back.
Give me that.
Brother…
Kill him.
Kill him, boys!
Tell
Periyavar
about this.
Call him.
I won't tell anybody, brother.
Please spare me.
Kannan…
You…
My dad…
I can see what he's going to
do to you and your family.
I warned you.
Kaali…
Listen.
You already did half of my work.
Go take care of your family now.
I'll take care of Ravi.
Your name will stay out of this, I swear.
Trust me.
You can leave now.
Deal?
Hey, come here.
Where is Venkat?
What did you do?
Just answer me.
Who did you kill?
Shh! Keep your voice down!
-That old lady let you go, right?
-Wait.
Will she take care of my kids?
Listen to me.
Come here.
I WON'T!
Whose blood is this?
Does it belong to that policeman?
SP…
SP?
-Did you kill him?
-No.
-Did you kill the SP? Tell me.
-No, I didn't.
Kannan…
Huh?!
It's over.
Can't believe you killed Kannan!
We're finished.
For good.
I warned you
so many times not to go.
I…
I can never forgive you!
Neither can I.
Oh my!
I will never leave your side again.
I promise…
I swear on our daughter.
I will never go.
Who is it?
Sir?
No, Sir.
I'm almost home.
Okay.
Why did you say you were home?
He's on his way here.
-For what, Kaali?
-I don't know.
Listen.
Act normal in front of him.
I will handle everything.
Okay?
Get inside.
Kaali.
Wait.
-I will get you some water.
-Hey, no need.
Venkat?
Hey, Venkat!
Yes, brother.
Oh my God!
No, no, no.
Hey, get up.
-You think he heard it?
-What are you even doing?
Go inside.
When did you get here?
I didn't hear a sound.
I had my phone charging inside.
And was waiting for you to come.
I will take it and leave now.
Where is Kannan?
I don't know.
Wasn't he with you?
Did he leave?
Yes, he did.
It's already late.
Uncle will start looking for me.
I better get going.
So, you didn't hear
anything we said?
Tell me.
Not a word.
Brother…
Wa… water!
You utter one word,
and you're dead.
Hey!
Venkat?
Hey Venkat!
-Water… water.
-Hang on.
Venkat…
Wait! Hold on.
Don't give up!
I will be right back.
Hold on.
Water… water.
Water…
Kaali!
-What happened?
-Nothing.
Where is Venkat?
-I will be right back.
-Where are you going?
Kaali!
-What happened?
-Nothing, ma'am.
I'm confident now.
I will get my son back.
You will bring him to me.
Kaali.
Kannan's phone is unreachable.
The others with him also
aren't answering my calls.
Nothing would have happened.
I'm sure.
You go.
Go and bring him to me.
Alright. You come.
Where is Venkat?
He said he's here.
Be right back.
Kaali, let him be.
The police are everywhere.
Let them stay here for an hour.
I'll make alternate arrangements soon.
-Okay?
-Sure.
Go inside.
-Go.
-Come in.
-Go on.
-Go.
Start the vehicle.
Where is he?
I… I don't know.
Wait, I will be back.
That's fine.
Come with me.
I told you not to eat
fried food while pregnant.
But you never listen.
Careful. Don't choke on it.
Where is Venkat?
He was right here. But…
I don't know.
Can I get you coffee?
Where did he go,
leaving his phone here?
Would you like some Horlicks?
I will get you some water.
Sreeja.
Sreeja?
Mom is calling.
Where did you go?
I told you not to go outside.
I want Horlicks.
Tell me.
Where are you, Dad?
Tell me, what's going on?
Is Kaali with you?
Yes, why?
I hope you aren't on speaker.
No, tell.
I feel this house has something
to do with Kannan's disappearance.
I doubt that.
No, Dad. I have a strong feeling.
Actually, Kalaivani shouldn't
let us inside her house, right?
But now she's offering me Horlicks, Dad!
And she looks tense!
-Something is not right.
-Stop the vehicle.
You come here right away.
Dad, Kaali is definitely hiding something.
You can't trust him.
-Sir?
-You wait here, Kaali.
Brother's car is parked here.
But she isn't letting me see it.
Venkat is missing too, Dad.
Okay. I'll be there.
Kaali.
Where is my son?
Tell me, please.
So…
you do know where Kannan is.
Right?
Tell me now.
Where is my son?
Hey, wait.
Not one person should leave his house.
I'll wipe out your entire family!
Tell me, Kaali.
Where is my son?
Where is he?
Crush him.
Kaali!
-KAALI!
-Hold her right there.
Hey! Leave me.
DAD!
Leave me!
-Hey, Kaali!
-You go inside.
He knows the truth.
-Ask him, Dad.
-Where is my son, Kaali?
What did you do to my brother?
Hey, you better spill.
What did you do to my son?
What did you do, Kaali?
What the hell is going on here?
-Dad!
-Get lost!
-What the…
-Hey!
-I'll bury your entire family!
-DAD!
Listen to me, Dad.
Our car!
The dogs keep sniffing it.
Let's check inside it.
Get up. You're fine.
Move your hand.
Don't you touch her.
Stay away.
Hey, who's there?
I'm calling the police.
What are you doing?
Kalai? Kalai?
Where is my son?
You sent Kaali to kill me, didn't you?
You know who really killed your son?
Him.
He butchered your
son's hands and legs!
Then shot him dead,
right in front of me.
Mom, brother is gone.
He is dead, Mom!
Let's make a deal.
Do whatever you wish
with Kaali and his family.
I'll look the other way.
I'll make sure no case
is filed against you.
In return, let me go.
So will I.
My dear brother!
KAALI!
Give me the gun.
Come on, fast.
Kalai!
Take the kids inside.
Get up, Kaali.
He's here.
Come on, get up.
Get inside!
Step back.
Just stay back.
I said stay back.
Drop the gun!
If you touch my husband,
I swear I'll kill her.
I said go inside.
Drop the gun.
Do you want
your granddaughter alive or not?
Hey, move away from him.
Take your hands off him.
Get up, Kaali.
I said go inside.
Hit her, man.
Kaali!
Hey! Hey!
Dad!
Let go of him, Kaali.
Let him go.
Hold him back.
Let go of Dad.
Let him go!
Dad.
Dad!
-Kaali!
-I said go.
Go!
Go inside.
Listen to me, Kaali.
Let him go.
Don't do this, Kaali.
Please don't hurt him.
I won't be able to take it
if something happens to him, Kaali.
Listen to me.
Let him go.
HEY! Let him go!
Please, Kaali. Let him go.
For my sake, Kaali.
Get some water, quick!
I'll show you.
♪ Madurai's warrior King ♪
♪ You lit the fire,Now feel the cold ♪
♪ The storm has risen,No turning back ♪
♪ My son, the warrior,Ready to attack! ♪
♪ Like the fierce lion ♪
♪ My son roars,The battlefield shakes ♪
♪ One wrong move is all it takes ♪
♪ Break them bones
Don't hold back! ♪
♪ Let them fear you evermore! ♪
♪ Chiyaan, rise and make them see ♪
♪ Show them the force of your legacy ♪
Grandma, it hurts.
Go inside!
Listen to us.
I'll throw you all behind bars.
Clear the area.
Ganesan Brother!
Take Dad with you.
-You go inside. I'll take care.
-Go, please.
Move.
Let him die.
Let him die!
Go inside!
Hey, come on.
Catch him.
How can we leave this place as is?
The cows and the calves are here.
Who'll feed them?
Careful!
Where is my son, Kaali?
At least tell me
where his corpse is.
Tell me, please.
Where is it?
Hey! Kill him.
-Hold him down.
-Tell me!
He's…
He's saying something.
Listen to him.
Please.
Move.
What is it?
What's he saying?
Sir…
What did he say?
Say it out loud, you idiot!
Sir.
He's saying he'll forgive you.
And asking you to leave.
Ma'am, he's asking you to take him home.
-Finish him off.
-Okay, sir.
Do you want to see your son?
Want to see your son?
-You want to see his body?
-Hey, stop.
Where is he?
Tell me where he is.
Give me a minute.
Water! Get me some water.
Water.
Give me a hand.
You stay here.
-Stay here.
-I want to see my son.
-Oh my!
-Open it.
Kanna!
-Kalai!
-Mom, keep going.
Come on. Hold my hand.
Go. Untie the cows.
Kalai!
I had to protect my family.
I didn't have an option.
Take your kids home.
Keep them safe.
Please forgive me.
Hey, what happened?
Drink some water.
Bottle is in the bag.
Drink it.
Enough?
Who is it?
-Can't you get in at the bus stop?
-Get in.
-Come. Get in.
-Get in, fast.
Come on.
Make it fast.
Come.
Take a seat.
Where did you get this fan from?
Don't take anything from strangers.
-I told you that man bought it.
-Who?
Remember the man who helped me
get to the hospital when I fainted on the road?
It was him.
Give me space.
Why did you make a scene at their house
just because my phone was off?
Who told you to rush
to the SP's office for that?
Thank God!
It wasn't anything serious.
Just a storm in a teacup.
Subtitles by QUBE